join hany Mahmud who's outside Al AXA
Hospital in darl Bala that's in central
Gaza hany despite Israel's claims of
tactical pauses in some areas of
Southern Gaza attacks are continuing
bring us up to speed with what's been
happening in the last few
hours yes PA well we're starting to see
this tactical pause as an extension to
all the misleading contradictory and
confusing narrative by the military
there's F the fact that there is no
tactical pause there is no l up in the
attacks no slowing down any signs of it
across the G whenever possible the
Israel military continues to strike
across the strip and to further causing
civilian casualties and creating more
tragedies for entire families and this
is I want to insist on this point the
pattern that we're seeing so far is
entire families being obliterated inside
residential homes and when I see that
we're talking about uh three generation
in one in one residential home and the
pattern of these attacks have been
happening repeatedly we were just in the
middle of a crowd here at the loxa
hospital outside the emergency
department near the morg of the hospital
where remaining family members the crowd
get together those who survived the
attacks those who were injured in the
overnight attacks of Refuge Camp they
were here at the hospital paying respect
performing the last uh the last prayer
as you can see from the frame these are
the scenes of from the hospital the
crying the crying mothers right here who
just said goodbye to family members who
were taking outside the hospital all the
way to the graveyard overnight attacks
on two overnight attacks on two
residential buildings on refugee camps
and a third one at Al refugee camp
resulted in the murder of 17 people at
least with more people is still under
the rebeles we were told by paramedics
and civil defense the crew member the
the attack was relentless and brutal it
destroyed the entire Residential
Building there's still more people under
the rebels and the reason we're seeing
this High number of casualties because
the vast majority of people are
displaced and they end up living
together in like in in large number in
small spaces that is uh that are
available right now at the the central
area so every residential home is packed
with many civilians and children and
women who are unfortunately becoming the
uh the falling casualties of these
unpredictable falling bombs on
residential home 17 people so far
confirmed dead with at least 35 of
critically injured between alaka
hospital and Al hospital that's where
they were transferred and uh uh and the
the the tragedy of the hospital is that
it doesn't have enough uh a med
sufficient medical staff medical
supplies to help uh save lives and help
those who uh have been in injured uh in
those attacks meanwhile the every once
in a while we hear this constant
artillery at the eastern part of the
strip and this has been going on since
uh as far as we recall the the week one
week one of this genocidal war is part
of what Israeli military is conducting
the creation of a buffer zone that is
already shrinking the size of the Gaza
Strip yeah and more more people arriving
as we saw there at the hospital alaka
hospital where you are honey because of
these l air strikes on Central Gaza uh
the the so-called tactical pause that
Israel announced on on Sunday well this
was meant to allow some Aid into the
Gaza Strip do we know how much of it has
gone in in the last few
days only less than a trickle amount of
Aid we since the the the the
announcement of this contradictory
tactical pause that hasn't been
confirmed so far either by this really
or the political level uh we're talking
about four trucks four commercial trucks
have been allowed into the Gaza trip but
as of yesterday as law enforcement
Personnel were trying to secure more of
these trucks commercial trucks or Aid
trucks coming into Gaza they were shut
out that reports of many of them were
injured during the attack see these sort
of attacks on Aid workers on law
enforcement securing the delivery of
AIDS on Aid Seekers are making the work
of Aid workers quite difficult on the
ground the United Nations and honor
particularly has raised this concern
multiple times about the lack of safety
the zero safety guarantee for Aid
workers and that been went on for quite
some time the coat that's the Israeli
security agency that accused hwa that it
has a logistically problem and it held
onor responsible for the inability to
deliver aid while at the same time from
what we're seeing and documented on the
ground is the constant attacks on food
distribution points that happen in the
past Aid workers Aid Seekers are the
real reasons that are hindering the
delivery of Aid of an already broken Aid
mechanism since the beginning of this
genocidal War thank you very much honey
for the update that's Al jazer Hy Mahmud
live there in darl Bala in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz